searchFrontiers: 0.36 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.48 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.1 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.03 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.6 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.18 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.05 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.89 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.23 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.05 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.52 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.21 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.05 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.95 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.28 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.06 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.83 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.44 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.28 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.85 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.42 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.2 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.51 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.06 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.04 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.46 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.09 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.07 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.37 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.06 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.06 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.45 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.06 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.06 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.34 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.08 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.1 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.46 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.13 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.2 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.49 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.14 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.19 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.41 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.16 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.19 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.4 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.18 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.14 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.48 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.3 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.46 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.6 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.24 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.58 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.28 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.05 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.28 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.45 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.25 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.56 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.4 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.06 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.29 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.46 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.07 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.29 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.27 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.03 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.15 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.13 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.08 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.1 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.24 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.16 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.16 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.15 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.17 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.27 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.15 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.34 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.01 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.15 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.67 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.24 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.76 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.65 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.59 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 1.23 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.69 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.33 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.6 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.66 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.56 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 1.2 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.7 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.69 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 1.35 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.96 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 1.07 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 1.5 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.8 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.42 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.6 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.43 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.45 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.52 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.6 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.74 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.49 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.75 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.72 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.69 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 1.05 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.49 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.5 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.45 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.19 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.25 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.22 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.2 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.23 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.21 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.38 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.07 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.15 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.55 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.49 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.6 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.79 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.63 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.45 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.47 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.15 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.15 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.52 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.45 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.3 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.67 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.9 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.45 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.47 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.24 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.45 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.43 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.23 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.46 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.58 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.25 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.15 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.27 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.42 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.24 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.45 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.41 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.32 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.3 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.72 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.48 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.3 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.21 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.21 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.4 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.14 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.31 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.63 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.27 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.94 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.85 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.72 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 1.64 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.75 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.61 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 1.48 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.67 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.56 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.92 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.94 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 1.03 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 1.33 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.88 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.69 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.93 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.44 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.42 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.39 seconds
searchFrontiers: 1.02 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.59 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 1.46 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.89 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.79 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.85 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.68 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.49 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.77 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.45 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.28 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.51 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.49 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.52 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.42 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 1.02 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.63 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.61 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 1.69 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.5 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.29 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.67 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.41 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.29 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.46 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.39 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.33 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.04 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.08 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.54 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.64 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.49 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.28 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.13 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.22 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.23 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.26 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.21 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.34 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.34 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.31 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.33 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.31 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.27 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.25 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.23 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.21 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.29 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.34 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.46 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.26 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.27 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.49 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.28 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.17 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.15 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.63 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.1 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.16 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.31 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.15 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.16 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.79 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.33 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.49 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.86 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.41 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.82 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.52 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.3 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.66 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.61 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.32 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.66 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.43 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.11 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.33 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.54 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.24 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.66 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.75 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.24 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.51 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.64 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.28 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.51 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.58 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.02 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.16 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.38 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.14 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.35 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.53 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.05 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.34 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.35 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.02 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.17 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.28 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.14 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.12 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.14 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.14 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.11 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.15 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.14 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.12 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.18 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.21 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.2 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.22 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.28 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.3 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.29 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.53 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.09 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.35 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.07 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.35 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.22 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.22 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.25 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.27 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.26 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.3 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.26 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.29 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.33 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.22 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.24 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.25 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.27 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.31 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.27 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.27 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.31 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.23 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.34 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.32 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.22 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.37 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.28 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.26 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.25 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.33 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.34 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.44 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.35 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.33 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.27 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.4 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.17 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.05 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.26 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.27 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.23 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.25 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.31 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.28 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.29 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.38 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.34 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.24 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.26 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.26 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.31 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.25 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.26 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.23 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.26 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.29 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.27 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.42 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.24 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.27 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.22 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.05 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.24 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.2 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.29 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.27 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.24 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.27 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.3 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.24 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.48 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.22 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.25 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.05 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.08 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.41 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.05 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.06 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.45 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.24 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.15 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.47 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.19 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.12 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.34 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.17 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.08 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.56 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.34 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.12 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.63 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.46 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.19 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.55 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.28 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.17 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.38 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.22 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.08 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.24 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.29 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.36 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.16 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.29 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.22 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.04 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.39 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.05 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.03 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.41 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.15 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.04 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.31 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.26 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.29 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.34 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.34 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.36 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.34 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.22 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.28 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.32 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.29 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.31 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.28 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.26 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.34 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.04 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.04 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.43 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.22 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.13 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.59 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.18 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.17 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.54 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.24 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.2 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.23 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.23 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.24 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.15 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.16 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.17 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.16 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.26 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.27 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.22 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.53 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.03 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.08 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.61 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.02 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.05 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.43 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.46 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.02 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.05 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.57 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.08 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.31 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.52 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.12 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.41 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.68 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.11 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.27 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.42 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.05 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.17 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.45 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.07 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.27 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.56 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.1 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.25 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.63 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.14 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.27 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.78 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.1 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.34 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.65 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.28 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.37 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.35 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.14 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.23 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.63 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.14 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.21 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.5 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.12 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.17 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.32 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.03 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.08 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.41 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.18 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.41 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.19 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.04 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.12 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.29 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.09 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.26 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.26 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.23 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.21 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.31 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.55 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.1 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.28 seconds
searchFrontiers: 1.04 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.65 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 1.1 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.37 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.09 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.13 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.39 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.3 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.29 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.42 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.31 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.29 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.26 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.33 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.4 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.35 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.34 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.12 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.11 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.26 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.12 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.26 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.64 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.22 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.37 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.58 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.16 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.38 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.53 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.14 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.26 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.44 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.14 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.27 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.22 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.21 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.43 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.06 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.11 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.45 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.14 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.42 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.18 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.14 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.15 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.15 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.51 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.53 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 1.01 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.32 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.12 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.14 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.56 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.24 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.64 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.45 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.3 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.69 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.18 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.15 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.25 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.17 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.18 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.15 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.48 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.12 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.53 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.73 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.95 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 1.6 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.56 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.56 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.86 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.66 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.41 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.52 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.36 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.24 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.52 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.57 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.07 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.34 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.56 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.21 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.34 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.61 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.14 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.35 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.4 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.06 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.36 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.38 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.31 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.26 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.27 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.3 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.32 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.59 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.09 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.35 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.41 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.09 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.34 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.48 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.09 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.35 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.33 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.34 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.42 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.48 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.08 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.17 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.26 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.24 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.31 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.29 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.43 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.27 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.35 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.38 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.3 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.48 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.13 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.32 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.41 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.08 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.32 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.41 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.09 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.16 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.31 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.3 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.21 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.35 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.1 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.48 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.52 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.18 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.64 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.29 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.32 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.35 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.08 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.31 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.45 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.25 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.49 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.46 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.24 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.64 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.45 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.26 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.81 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.51 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.08 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.49 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.61 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.11 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.16 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.33 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.05 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.16 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.19 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.13 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.12 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.18 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.19 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.3 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.22 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.3 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.24 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.29 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.29 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.42 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.26 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.36 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.38 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.09 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.16 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.4 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.08 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.18 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.29 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.3 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.39 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.32 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.27 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.23 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.24 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.2 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.2 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.18 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.43 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.03 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.4 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.1 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.32 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.2 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.03 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.17 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.16 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.17 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.37 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.12 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.32 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.71 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.45 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.81 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.36 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.3 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.42 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.31 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.48 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.5 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.27 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.64 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.49 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.09 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.32 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.52 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.15 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.33 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.49 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.16 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.16 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.24 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.31 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.17 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.26 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.2 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.37 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.37 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.03 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.17 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.43 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.06 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.16 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.51 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.07 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.16 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.57 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.05 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.32 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.72 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.24 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.64 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.78 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.13 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.48 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.47 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.03 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.32 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.32 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.65 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.06 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.32 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.43 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.11 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.73 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.22 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.39 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.01 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.17 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.68 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.2 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.53 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.27 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.18 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.37 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.27 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.2 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.18 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.46 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.34 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.52 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.5 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.21 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.32 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.62 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.08 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.5 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.49 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.13 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.68 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.52 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.07 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.33 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.97 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.13 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.33 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.68 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.22 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.67 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.39 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.03 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.17 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.54 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.11 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.48 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.88 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.28 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.67 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.5 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.1 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.5 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.68 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.35 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.68 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.78 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.41 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.9 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.72 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.41 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.87 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.48 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.17 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.54 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.5 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.24 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.69 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.66 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.08 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.17 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.35 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.09 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.17 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.29 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.4 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.06 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.35 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.68 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.38 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 1.21 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.96 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.7 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 1.56 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.7 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.32 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.37 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.51 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.31 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.73 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.58 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.43 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 1.11 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.52 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.08 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.6 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.44 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.22 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.38 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.38 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.34 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.21 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.44 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.4 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.07 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.39 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.7 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.18 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 1 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.84 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.68 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 1.42 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.71 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.36 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.8 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.35 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.27 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.43 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.12 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.2 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.34 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.48 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.26 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.2 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.71 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.45 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.64 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.54 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.67 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.49 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.38 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.09 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.17 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.33 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.23 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.15 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.48 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.49 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.34 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.3 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.29 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.42 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.28 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.23 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.29 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.25 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.39 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.33 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.35 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.24 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.26 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.05 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.19 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.29 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.1 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.4 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.46 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.1 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.39 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.47 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.12 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.39 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.52 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.16 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.39 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.4 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.08 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.4 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.43 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.33 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.81 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.72 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 1.01 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 1.21 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.49 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.67 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.62 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.51 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.76 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.81 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.34 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.42 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.41 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.43 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.26 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.8 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.54 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.46 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 1 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.44 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.29 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.4 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.36 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.27 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.49 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.28 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.45 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.31 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.59 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.66 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.35 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.8 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.5 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.44 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.96 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.55 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.41 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.78 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.38 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.29 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.58 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.45 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.24 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.16 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.23 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.28 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.33 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.27 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.34 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.33 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.35 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.31 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.4 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.21 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.18 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.25 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.24 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.03 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.42 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.52 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.09 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.03 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.72 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.19 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.06 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.67 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.19 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.08 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.94 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.31 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.07 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.64 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.13 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.07 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.52 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.08 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.05 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.67 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.07 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.05 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.21 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.48 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.09 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.3 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.09 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.03 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.52 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.2 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.03 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.7 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.21 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.2 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.64 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.5 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.2 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.87 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.57 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.46 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.54 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.04 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.19 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.5 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.4 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.25 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.3 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.15 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.1 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.79 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.45 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.4 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.84 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.29 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.32 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.2 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.37 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.06 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.07 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.67 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.27 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.22 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.71 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.24 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.4 seconds
searchFrontiers: 1.05 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.35 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.57 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.67 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.32 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.53 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.41 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0.1 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0.22 seconds
searchFrontiers: 0.27 seconds
computeFrontiersToVisit: 0 seconds
updateFrontierCostMatrix: 0 seconds
